Passkeys update (#9884)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/identity/passkey-registration/index.md

  This specifies support for ECDSA with P-256 and RSA PKCS\#1 and supporting 
  these gives complete coverage.
* **[`authenticatorSelection.authenticatorAttachment`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-authenticatorselectioncriteria-authenticatorattachment)**: 
  Set it to `"platform"`. This indicates that we want an authenticator that is 
  embedded into the platform device, and the user will not be prompted to insert 
  e.g. a USB security key.
* **[`authenticatorSelection.requireResidentKey`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-authenticatorselectioncriteria-residentkey)**: 
  Set it to a boolean "true". A discoverable credential (resident key) 
  stores user information to the passkey and lets users select the account upon 
  authentication.

> * **[`authenticatorSelection.userVerification`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-authenticatorselectioncriteria-userverification)**:
>   Indicates whether a user verification using the device screen lock is
>   `"required"`, `"preferred"` or `"discouraged"`. The default is `"preferred"`,
>   which means the authenticator may skip user verification. Set this to
>   `"preferred"` or omit the property.
> 
> {% Aside 'caution' %}
> 
> For requests with `userVerification` set to `"preferred"`, authenticators may
> skip the user verification check, for example if the device doesn't have any
> biometric sensor, the user hasn't set it up (e.g. no enrolled fingerprints), or
> if the sensor is temporarily unavailable (e.g. laptop running with a closed
> display lid). The [UV bit in the authenticator data of the
> response](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#authdata-flags-uv) always indicates
> whether user verification was performed. 
> 
> If you'd like to always require a user verification, set `userVerification` to
> `"required"`. Don't forget to check that the UV flag is `true` on the server as
> well.
> 
> {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[`authenticatorSelection.userVerification`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-authenticatorselectioncriteria-userverification)**:
  Indicates whether a user verification using the device screen lock is
  `"required"`, `"preferred"` or `"discouraged"`. The default is `"preferred"`,
  which means the authenticator may skip user verification. Set this to
  `"preferred"` or omit the property.

{% Aside 'caution' %}

For requests with `userVerification` set to `"preferred"`, authenticators may
skip the user verification check, for example if the device doesn't have any
biometric sensors, the user hasn't set it up (no enrolled fingerprints), or
if the sensor is temporarily unavailable (laptop running with a closed
display lid). The [UV bit in the authenticator data of the
response](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#authdata-flags-uv) always indicates
whether user verification was performed. 

If you'd like to always require a user verification, set `userVerification` to
`"required"`. Don't forget to check that the UV flag is `true` on the server as
well.

{% endAside %}
```
